100 Titan theaters this weekend horror
fans will delight in this weekend's
offering the conjuring to a supernatural
thriller based on the true life case of
one of England's most notorious
hauntings the epic fantasy adventure
film Warcraft based on the popular video
game series brings the battle for
survival to the big screen
this weekend features the return of the
thrilling illusion filled caper now you
see me to the four horsemen reappearing
for a comeback performance to clear
their names
new faces Daniel Radcliffe and Lizzy
Caplan joined the magical mate and
finally let's find out what taught in
theaters this weekend with this week's
fan tissa patient
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know in the comments below
we'll see you next time on weekend
ticket
you